Grove port: add link to Seeed explainer and add short description (#558)
NabuCasa/support: src/voice-pe/customizing/grove-port.md

  labels: voice pe, customizing
---

> Connecting a sensor to the [Grove port](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) of the device allows the sensor to use the device's power supply and Wi-Fi connection. Home Assistant can then detect the sensor and start using it. This page provides configuration details for a few selected sensors.

Reviewer: I worry this is a bit oversimplified and may be interpreted as such. Maybe this?:
```suggestion
The [Grove port](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) provides an easy way to connect a sensor; it facilitates both a power and data connection. With a minor modification to the VPE's configuration, Home Assistant can then detect the sensor and start using it. This page provides configuration details for a few selected sensors.
```

> The [Grove port](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) provides an easy way to connect a sensor; it facilitates both a power and data connection. With a minor modification to the VPE's configuration, Home Assistant can then detect the sensor and start using it. This page provides configuration details for a few selected sensors.

Reviewer 2: Home Assistant? Wouldn't that be ESPHome?

Reviewer 2: Im not sure, most (if not all) other ESPHome devices can be used without Home Assistant.
If that is not the case with this device it does not matter.
And it is unrelated to this PR, just something I noticed.

Author: thanks for the catch. I'll consider it and cover that in another PR.

> The [Grove port](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) provides an easy way to connect a sensor; it facilitates both a power and data connection. With a minor modification to the VPE's configuration, Home Assistant can then detect the sensor and start using it. This page provides configuration details for a few selected sensors.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Grove port](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) provides an easy way to connect a sensor; it facilitates both a power and data connection. With a minor modification to the configuration of the Voice Assistant Preview Edition, Home Assistant can then detect the sensor and start using it. This page provides configuration details for a few selected sensors.
```

> [Grove](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/ is a modular, standardized connector prototyping system by Seeed. It allows you to connect devices without soldering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Grove](https://wiki.seeedstudio.com/Grove_System/) is a modular prototyping system by Seeed. It uses a standardized connector, allowing you to connect devices without soldering.
```
